
Welcome to the reception of The Grove, your gateway to the ultimate relaxation experience.  How may we assist you today?
This place...?
Our resort boasts a stunning location on the picturesque Hillcrest Lake, spanning over 7 exquisite isles connected with charming bridges. We take pride in offering unparalleled luxury and comfort to our esteemed guests, with accommodation for up to 100 individuals.
Our onsite chefs serve only the finest cuisine, crafted with the freshest ingredients, while our world-class spa facilities and expert masseurs guarantee a truly rejuvenating experience.
As night falls, our culinaric delights continue with a rotating menu of gourmet delicacies, carefully prepared to tantalize your taste buds.
At The Grove, we believe that every moment should be cherished and celebrated, and we invite you to immerse yourself in our oasis of tranquility and indulgence.
Well, *chuckles* a lot of people want to get in. That's why we sell tickets. Do you have one? If not you can buy one right now ... with a small fee added on top for short notice of course.
Splendid! You may proceed right through. Once you step foot on the isle, you'll receive a warm introduction to everything we have to offer. And hey, *smiles* don't forget to smile: Welcome to The Grove!
Iam afraid I can't help you. Money doesn't grow on tree's now does it, neither do tickets... If you would be so kind to step away, please.


Uhh, *breaths lightly* hey - come here. Share my dying moment with me. I have a ticket if this motivates you.
Listen, there's something here, something *coughs* something is wrong with this place. Don't be fooled by its idyllic appearance.
There's a dark aura, and it feeds on you. I can't explain how but look at me: I've been here for a week now and gotten weaker every day.
Like something is sucking the soul right from you. Last night it made me go here, I was too weak to resist it. But I guess lucky for me its a dead end here, see.
But behind those rocks lies a dark place iam certain. For me it's too late to do anything, I realized it too late - here take my ticket. Get to the bottom of it. I beg you, let my death be not in vein! uhh....
Your back, *smiles forced*. Do you have sufficient payment methods now?
Splendid! You may proceed right through. Once you step foot on the isle, you'll receive a warm introduction to everything we have to offer. And hey, *smiles* don't forget to smile: Welcome to The Grove!
Welcome, welcome to your new home for the next week, oh a what a home! I personally have the pleasure to introduce each and every new guest to our facilities. You don't want to miss out on any service or special out of not knowing trust me!
If you were to follow me, please.
You see we have 7 islands in total, this center one is where most events happen and this right here is the staff housing. As you see here we have big fireplaces for evening events.
About the water: You can of course access it freely, given your cold resistant... but we of course offer heated indoor pools for you pleasure.
I can see it in your eyes, you want to explore on your own. I mean sure, we can cut this introduction down, let me just show you were you'll have your home for the stay.
See, the guest housing is loctaed on each of the 4 corner islands and overseen by the respective host. Each host adds his own unique flare to your stay. Given you didn't specify a preference we assigned you to: Captain Buck McSplash.
He's more the adventurous type... Iam sure you'll meet the others too and, oh before I forget: The Grove was built almost symmetrical, for ease of navigation in all manner of mental states... So you pretty much seen it all - Enjoy your stay!








































Psssst, hey. Yeah you, yeah ... YOU look different from all these - oblivious consumersss. Wanna hear my little secrett?
SSome people, say... say this place is, how do you say - haunted *flashes his eyes*. I say: IT'ss just FINE!
Don't go looking in the forest - snitches get stitches *chuckles*.