
Thank you, ill catch you up on what happened, but don't judge me!
You see, I recently "sold" a necklace. Well, I had some debts to pay off and the only valuable thing I have is an old magical necklace.
But it's a longtime family heirloom, I just couldn't bring myself to sell it. So I foolishly made a fake version and sold it to a traveler who passed through here.
It seemed like a good idea at first, but I realized too late that he wasn't just any ordinary traveler. She was an adventurer, like yourself, and now I'm worried she might catch on to the lie.
If she got in danger and die because of the useless necklace... But if you tell him the lie he might come back and threaten me!
You have to find him, and help me out of my situation.
I cant pay much but ill find something iam sure. Will you help me?
I see how it is. You're not willing to help out a fellow traveler in need. I thought you were different, but I guess I was wrong.
I was somehow convinced you would help me after I saw you...
She headed east, so I've marked it on your map. Make sure she doesn't come back here and ruin everything, please!
ARIA
You came right on time, who ever you might be?! You're not here to rob me or beat me to it?
Sure ill tell YOU?... ... Watch out!                          !
Arrgh, those little pesky mushroom thingys. Hate em. So, yeah bla bla you helped me. Don't make me say it!
*Sigh*, okay. You can come along. I could definitely use the help with how dangerous everything got recently...
So, to stop being so secretive about this. I got a tip, about a hidden cave entrance leading to the mountain top. What will we find there? I hope treasure and riches, of course.
I think down here is the right path. I'll give you a sec to look around if you want. Man, speaking of, looks like these mushrooms got you bad. Here a little something for helping me fight them off.
Are you ready to go?
Let's go, eh, adventuring! ... ... Hey dont judge me on my oneliners!
Four statues and in such a shape, I doubt that's a coincidence. Maybe some kind of puzzle, but not what I came here to do. I'll wait over at the stairs if you wanna look around.

It's not far from here lets get moving.
You're a real puzzle master its seems, I could learn a thing or two from you. You're ready to get moving?
Yeah, we are definitely close, but let's take short breather.
Isn't this peaceful? One of the many upsides of bein a adventurer. Your outside, seeing natures in its purest form.
Isn't this peaceful? One of the many upsides of being an adventurer. Your outside, seeing natures in its purest form. Hearing the water stream, seeing the fish fight against the current...
On another note, why do you do it? The adventuring? Are you out here for the danger, the treasure or the just friends you make along the way?
I held you for more of a - treasure-seeking type. But I get it. The adrenaline, when you look each other in the face, well most of the time you can't call it face with these monsters...  But yeah, its a special moment.
I knew it! Trust me I have seen enough people who want the same. But nothing wrong with wanting the shiniest, bestest, cleanest or fashioniest armour... Ok, that last one was a stretch.
So the friends huh, wouldn't have guessed that. Most people I met out here are looking out for themselves and close down to strangers. Understandable if you got betrayed a couple times, but my advice: Try to keep it like this.

Hmm ... ... People dont often ask about me.
I actually grew up not too far from here. There's this town in the heart of the GrassLands, Homestead. But back then everything here was different, for the better.
You know, no creatures that would lurk for travelers on the road, nest in the woods, people being friendly and looking out for each other.
Sometimes I wish back those memories, but to trade em against all my experiences I made in my lifetime, fighting, travelling and ... cooking - I also like cooking. But no, I don't regret my choices. I would probably do it again.
But that should be enough for now. Maybe well talk another time. We are almost there!
So, the tip said through here, and here then left, no right?
Ah yeah, there it is. Come!
Yeah, that's the cave that leads to the top! *About to go in* You got this strange thing in your look, like your not telling me something?
Haha, sure. Let's go!
Woah, that's a cave if I've ever saw one!
Okay, stay away from the edge and... sounds like well were not alone, who could have guessed that!
*Takes a look over the edge* Phew, lets see if this bridge holds up? It certainly doesn't look like it... You wanna go first?
Ill wait here.
Thanks...




























What are you saying? That I bought rubbish and *takes a closer look* ... dont know what quality... woah, your right!
I paid a sum for this! Hmm, didn't expect to meet cutthroats in this village. On the other hand this weird mayor should have given it away...
Iam going back there ill demand an explanation and the real necklace, if there is one! Thanks for telling me, meet me there!.
Good day Marla. How are you doing on this sunny day. Only thing better is buying a nice necklace for oneself don't you agree?
You found out! Iam so sorry, its just that the necklace is so important to me, but I needed the money. I hope you can understand and don't hurt me, I will give you the real necklace.
You see, that's something you could have done already, right. I think it's only fair if I get, lets say 50 coins for my troubles.
I planned to use the necklaces power to help me fight off all kinds of things, I could have died because of you!
You are right, you are right, here is the necklace. But ... but I don't have 50 coins. I really want to make it right!
Well, looks to me, you can't. I don't wanna hurt you, there's enough bloodshed in the world these days. I'll just go my way, far away from here.
And I won't fail to tell everyone to turn there back on this cutthroat village! Good day madam! And to you, thanks for telling me maybe we will meet again one day in different, better circumstance.















And your helping her? I started to like you, *takes the money* but it seems I just keep trusting the wrong people. *Points at you* See you, *points at Marla* and see you too. Well not really, you know what I mean. Errgh.
















