Ah, hello there. 'Tis a surprise to see you here!
You look as if you just escaped from the woods. Was it something that chased you, perhaps?
You have asked me for guidance in your new journey, and I shall be happy to provide it.
First and foremost, you must learn the basics of moving around in this world. We shall use the WASD keys on your keyboard to do so.
Press the W key to move forward, the S key to move backward, the A key to move left, and the D key to move right.
Follow me!
Now that you have mastered the basics of movement, it is time to learn the basics of combat.
Press LEFT MOUSE button to shoot!
Watch out there are coming!
Kill the monsters!
Kill the monsters!
Well done, adventurer!
In this treacherous world, one must always be mindful of their surroundings and wary of their enemies.
Gather whatever weapons and armor you can find, and use them to fight off those who wish to do you harm.
Let me clear the path!
Let see where this goes...
Hmm, a door? You could help me out, see if you can find anything down these paths here that might help us. But before you go!
It might be dangerous, and you already helped me out, so you earned a little reward that should come in handy for you.
Switch through the option with Q and choose with F!
A fine choice. You can learn spell books with the E key from your inventory. Now off you go!
Did you find something? Come back if you have and hurry we ain't got all day...
Ah, that should do the trick. Takes a swig of his bottle of booze.
Ehm, yes where were we... Right, finding the way out of here. Lets if I can open that aswell...
There we go... Interesting, we seem to have stumbled upon a courtyard of an old ruin.
You know the drill, I cant keep up with a young lad like you. Go ahead but watch out, its uncomfortably eerie here.
Go ahead, don't be shy. Report back if you found something useful ill lie low outside here.
You have slain the what?! I don't even want to know...
Anyway good job on that lets see if that wall really opened as you say.
Watch out the spikes! Wait, I forgot you already went through here...
By the gods this stench is unbearable!
Right...
We actually made it! Thanks to you iam safe out of this comumdrum,
conumdrum,
conunmdrum
Aaanyway. Thanks, really! I know a small village not to far from here. You can sell and buy new gear there and think about where you want to head to next.
Follow me!
Almost there
We made it! Well you made it, and then you made me make it aswell...
I still don't know where you came from, but it seems like you're not from here. Let me catch you up quickly.
Do you want the long or short version?
Well, the short version sure: The world has gotten a darker place, as you have seen. Skeletons and all kinds of undead or even hellish creatures start to roam the lands.
And all that thanks to some shift in power between the forces of light and dark, well most people actually don't know or care about how it happened...
But iam telling you, there has to be a reason, some mysterious dark doing...
But I digress, I am but an old man. My adventurous times are long gone.
Before I let you go here are some coins for your trouble, but don't spend it all at once!
So thanks again and goodbye. You might find me in the village if you decide to stick around!



Hmm, Once upon a time...
Well not really, sadly it's not a fairytale. There was a big war in the days of old between the Light and Darkness.
They fought for controlling this young new world and all people in it. But neither side was stronger than the other.
To stop the fighting a powerful pact was made. If either side would try to act upon the world, it would be weakened and left vulnerable.
To this day the pact held strong, so we believe. But something happened, something nobody could have foreseen!
After centuries, it became apparent that mankind is closer to Darkness than Light. And so the Darkness grows stronger by the hour, maybe strong enough to break the pact.
Well, that last part is more my theory, don't tell other people they most likely take you for a fool.
But I digress, I am but an old man. My adventurous times are long gone.
Before I let you go here are some coins for your trouble, but don't spend it all at once!
So thanks again and goodbye. You might find me in the village if you decide to stick around!



























